what up Long Beach welcome back to
Gazette sports.com it's JJ and Mike this
video brought to you by the fine folks
at maples rib company flip the switch
turn the light on Tuesday night Long
Beach State men's basketball back in
Long Beach back in the mid and a great
crowd on hand it was the Century Club
steps out night Long Beach's finest
philanthropic organization pack in the
you play a room to get all warmed up for
a game and it was quite a game JJ we've
got some impressive big-time hoops on
story indeed 49ers taking on boise state
obviously the Niners coming off the
upset win over Pittsburgh the overtime
loss at San Diego State great crowd
Clippard arrow getting them all fired up
how about James Harden in the building
perfect for novembeard that said no
playoffs beard and then what oh my
that's the real prospector p special
night taking in this game the broncos
coming in undefeated but very young so
this 49ers team hoping to get right and
give this home crowd something to cheer
about well in the outset it was a it was
sleepy I'll say the first five minutes
of the game brought to you by ambien as
the Niners and Broncos kind of seemed to
be sleepwalking through this game
turnover though as you might expect got
the night has woken up Larry Anderson to
Casper ware to James and his great
passing right there around the perimeter
banks still open even though it's a
Tuesday night for LAX and then TJ
Robinson story of the evening mr.
Robinson is the story of the night this
is a classic TJ Robinson night and what
a night who set a record he became Long
Beach say its all-time leading rebounder
just the second 49er over 900 rebounds
and probably looking at a thousand he
said he didn't come to school to be a
rebounder but he needed to be that so he
worked on it and that's his game now so
impressive what else was impressed
opposed to passing and its diverse a
bitch to TJ where to Mike Caffey to end
this great pass from the freshman happy
right there and it's what the nice
finish will get back to him because
Ennis to Larry Andersen and one long
leash a close up 27 yeah seemed like
maybe they're gonna run away with it and
it's three ball it's good the bench
wants to make sure that you're aware of
it speaking of the bench Peter
pappagiorgio our favorite Greek food in
the building Naaman on some
three-pointers right there and then JJ
no way pinch me no way it is
over three I didn't even think that his
knew how to go downtown but he knocked
that drain ball down he's as surprised
as we are they go up 18 but the Broncos
book back big time on the boards Kenny
Buckner with two of his 14 right there
and 17 of Beast Boy there's a killer
bees performance to be sure and it was a
killer threes as they go on a 90 run
Anthony dermot with five threes and 20
points tiamat off Aussie Aussie Aussie
oi oi oh it should be leading by a lot
more than nine at halftime Cooper Darryl
for your halftime enjoyment that lady on
the front rows is not happening Darrell
the happiest guy in the building right
now because Long Beach State still
struggling seemed like a game they might
have been able to run away with but
Boise State hung in it still hitting
those three they pull within seven
points however Oh Mean Gene Phelps
getting to going in the open floor in
the TJ with the loose ball and some oh
did you expect to see that or not I
think teams still don't know that that
kid is located TJ gets that one to go
then Ennis I'm the long arm of the law
selects that ball out with the kiss so
much wingspan he might as well take off
Long Beach now up 15 again starting to
feel like they're gonna pull away with
it but nah Boise answers starting with
the turnover like it was at San Diego
State 15 turnovers for the 49ers tonight
eight threes for the Broncos they get
within 10 points and you kind of expect
this because Boise State averaging over
19 points a game in their first three
you knew they were going to get streaky
and hot fortunately the 49ers had to
answer with some great play from Eugene
Phelps 11 points five rebounds how about
Mike Caffey 20 minutes eight points two
assists no turnovers and two steals for
the freshman and it's we're very excited
about this kid 6 and 9 16 points 6
assists and two steals but of course the
night belonged to TJ Robinson 8 of 9 for
them from the field 18 points 13
rebounds five of those very historic for
mr. Robinson a 10 point lead mr.
double-double is back in the building
and long beach state is back on the
winning track we've read and written so
much about this team it's hard to
believe the season is only four games
old but we are a long way from the
finish with this Long Beach State 49er
team you know you want to stick around
for the ride right here at Gazette
sports com